h1. GeSHify Readme

p. GeSHify is a source-code syntax highlighting extension for the "ExpressionEngine":http://expressionengine.com/ content management system. It is based on the popular open-source PHP syntax highlighting software "GeSHi":http://qbnz.com/highlighter/, which currently supports more than 130 different programming languages, among wich are not only big and important languages like C, C++, C# or Java and web languages like PHP, HTML, CSS, SQL or JavaScript, but also lesser-known or esoteric languages, e.g. "COBOL":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COBOL, "Eiffel":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eiffel_(programming_language), "INTERCAL":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/INTERCAL, "Brainfuck":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brainfuck and "Whitespace":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitespace_(programming_language), just to name a few.

p. GeSHify wraps this powerful syntax highlighting engine in an easy-to-use extension supporting customizable intelligent caching and switching between different GeSHi versions with a single click. It is also configurable to fit your special needs using a combination of global settings and HTML-style arguments.

h2. Installation

p. To install GeSHify, extract the archive into your Expression Engine directory. Then go to http://sourceforge.net/projects/geshi/files and get the latest versions of GeSHi 1.0 and GeSHi 1.1 (in the geshi-dev folder at the very bottom of the page).

p. Extract both archives and copy

* from GeSHi 1.0: @geshi.php@ and the @geshi@ folder into @system/extensions/geshi-1.0@ (creating it, if it doesn't exist)
* from GeSHi 1.1: @class.geshi.php@ and the @geshi@ folder into @system/extensions/geshi-1.1@ (also creating it, if it doesn't exist).

p. Enable GeSHify in the Extension Manager in your control panel by going to Admin » Utilities » Extensions Manager and clicking "enable" in the table row for GeSHify.

h2. Updating

p. Updating GeSHify is just a matter of overwriting GeSHify's source files. GeSHify will automatically notice it's been updated the next time it's being used and take the necessary steps.

p. While you're at updating GeSHify, you might want to update GeSHi, too.

h2. Reporting Bugs and Requesting Features

p. If you want to report a bug or request a feature, you're welcome to do so. You can either mail me or use the "issue tracker on GitHub":http://github.com/neverpanic/GeSHify/issues.
